# Lab8
 First of all I created a webpage which shows us about the past 10 days details of given stocks here (from NASDAQ STOCKS). In a html file I write a code for this website, I added the inline css in this file also I added the BOOTSTRAP here as I was willing to learn it s well as I want to cut down my CSS code. 
For this I've tried to learn as much bootstrap as possible and then I imported the url and added it in my html file which makes my designing easier.
Also as we know bootstrap makes a webpage responsive. So one reason was this as well.
Then come the next part where I chose the RapidAPI itself for fetching and showing the data. 
So at the start I wasn't able to find the idea in it for free but after searching a bit I was able to find few free data available on it (for which I just had to sign in and got 1000 free trials per day), from which I decide to choose "Alpha VIntage" which comes under finance . Then I searched for stock time series INTRADAY in which I got data for daily updates of stocks.
So firstly I decided to pick 10 random NASDAQ stocks as I wanted to show data about them then I created a dropbox for it .
I've used "GET" here so that there is no need of taking any data from the user.
I've used the key generated by the API.
Then I clicked on the test experiment button and I got few keys there such as time, last refresh, symbol=MSFT and time series in which I got data for last 5 months for the selected stocks. 
So i decided to make User Interface by using these informations.
Some of the things like async and await function I included them by doing some research and I got to know that they makes a website's using experience great in other words it make it work smoothly so that user's time will be not wasting on just buffering and also user could visit other website and do their work while using this website.
Now for the proper format of my stocks which you can see , I got it by pasting the curl request on a website name RUN CURL COMMAND ONLINE . 
As fetch is a human generated command and can not be understand by a machine so curl request is like a substituion of it which can be easily understand by the machine.
Then I used several functions and try to put these things all together to make it look good.
For example: I included a loader once you select a stock so , that when its going to fetch data you will be able to see a loader and once its done it'll be gone as I hide it .
 Also at the starting page you can see I included an alert command which tells you to select a stock if you haven't.
 I added several cards at the front page too which tell you that in which format you are going to see the data.
 I also give my code to AI tool several times whenever I felt like I got stuck here or I need to modify it or I'm facing some issues. And it helped me too as I prompted my difficulties on it and it suggested me several changes.
 Also I searched for few things like for including a "GRAPH" just for a better layout designing.By clicking on the button of the graph you can make it disappear also it shows the peak points if you hover over those points you came to see some highest and lowest prices along with the months.The graph shows you the price variations between Jan to Jul.

 And I took help from the class notes as well.
 Overall this assignment according to me was all I can do from this much knowledge and I know it took me so long but at least I learned a lot of new things while making this assignment.

